once upon a time words began to vanish
from the language of children
[Music]
they disappeared so quietly
will you stay here with me
enter the wood with care my love it
deals in things that are missing
and things that are hidden i don't know
if there ever really is a right time
it was a wrong time and it's never
you believe in magic don't you
am i dreaming i see a whole world in
your eyes
what's happening the thing that you sow
will continue to grow so
new how much does it mean i have to tell
you something
i'm scared
you're so strong you're the strongest
boy i know
[Music]
it's time for you to find your path i
know
where do we go when we die
where do you think we go
[Music]
you